# Frozone Meeting 3/15/2026 (with Noah, resurrected!)

LR explains that we have a choice on the pilot:

a. Tell the piloters that it's a pilot.
b. Don't tell them, and then we can use their data.

Decision: don't tell them, but do include a note that says 'btw if anything
breaks, let us know'


## Experimental Process:

0. We finish HoP. And we have discussed any extraneous issues.
1. LR pulls trigger on submitting the study to Prolific
2. Prolific approves
3. LR pulls trigger on launching the pilot (5)
4. 5 pilot users agree to do study, and _do_ the study. Meanwhile, LR pays them
5. The Frozone team eyeballs the pilot users' data
6. LR pulls trigger on launching the full study (25)
7. Non-pilot users agree to do study, and _do_ the study. Meanwhile, LR pays
   them
8. The Frozone team eyeballs the non-pilot users' data, to decide whether we
   need more folks.


## Possible last-minute changes

1. SD: "inactivity tracker" -- working? (double check)
2. LR: chat transcript being re-sent? (only when user goes back into the chat
   with the same chat ID, or reload of the page.)
3. SD: spelling errors happening too often?


## Action items:

GM goal: by tomorrow, have cron job installed, and then send us the "HoP is a go" email.

All: do [HoP](https://projectfrozone-site.hf.space/) starting tomorrow.

LR: Add an appropriate "btw, if anything breaks while you're doing the
experiment, we'd love to know about it!" note to the Prolific users'
instructions.

LR/BH: Optionally consider reframing the opening sequence as "entering a chat
room" (with a meaningless (to us) chat-room-number) to possibly avoid blowing
our cover a bit more.

