# Frozone Meeting 9/9/2025

## News

* GMhas submitted ugrad research grant
* LRhas IRB proposal under control
* NURVa proposal -- status, deadline?
* Noah & Stephen are Zooming Sunday
* **GW 106** conference room is reserved for Tues 9/16 (and thereafter)

## General research stuff

* Navigating the reference web: backwards and forwards
* Identifying the right terms (**stance shifting**, e.g.)

## Possibly novel aspects

1. What is our architecture?
    * both CoFro & FroBot

1. Do we, or do we not, masquerade as a human user?
    * how do we choose to present ourselves to do that

1. What do we detect?
    * fallacious reasoning
    * toxicity
    * misinfo/disinfo
    * misrepresenting sources
    * bias/intent
    * a combination
    * a different definition of any of these

1. How do we combine all these detections/responses?

1. How does CoFro respond?
    * The kind of thing grammarly.com does?

1. How does FroBot respond?
    * for logical fallacies, a logic textbook

1. How do our other "generic" bots work?
    * do they generate text that triggers the FroBot
    * do we have a mix of nice bots and mean bots

1. How do we define and evaluate success?
    * to what degree do we combine the various detectors/responders



## Major areas of work to do

1. Find a safe landing spot (GM)

1. Design and implement the experiment (LR)
    * define the task, write instructions
    * game this out ourselves and work out kinks
    * script for the proctor
    * generating/coordinating unique participant IDs
    * pre-survey: write questions and web form
    * post-survey: write questions and web form
    * debriefing blurb
    * evaluation method

1. Find/steal supporting infrastructure (SD)
    * API to LM, or train/host our own
    * Generic chat interface

1. Implement detectors (code which uses any means necessary to detect the
   presence of each of these components)
    * fallacious reasoning (BH)
    * toxicity (BH)
    * misinfo/disinfo (LR)
    * misrepresenting sources (LR)
    * bias/intent (GM)

1. Implement responders (code which generates a response to posts which have
   been identified as having each of these aspects)
    * fallacious reasoning (BH)
    * toxicity (BH)
    * misinfo/disinfo (LR)
    * misrepresenting sources (LR)
    * bias/intent (GM)

1. Decide on FroBot/CoFro LM architecture (SD)
    * separate LMs for each aspect, or combined?
    * fine-tune a BERT model? a GPT model? a LLaMA model? other?

1. Identify and gather (or create) training data (BH)
    * for the generic bots
    * for FroBot/CoFro
