# Frozone Meeting 9/16/2025

* Intros
* Reminders:
    * The purpose of this meeting is partially "to meet," and partially to test
      and evaluate Zoomability. Make mental notes on that as we go.
    * We have a **hard** cutoff at 3:15pm today.

## News

* We got $2000 to spend!
* We're going to wait to actually submit the IRB proposal until we're closer to
  the date, so that we have more clarity on the experiment, etc. (LR: contact
  Dr. Zeitz about "how long can we delay.")
* LR has submitted NURVa proposal, and we were accepted! Yay! (Circle in red
  ink: Nov 1st)
* We're getting ready to write some code. Rules:
    1. All of us should all be able to run all the (pushed) code, all the time.
       If not, immediate show-stopper until resolved.
    1. Create and use a `requirements.txt` file for package versions &
       dependencies.
    1. We're not aiming for perfection, but still try to write all the code in
       a modular, inter-operable way. (`.py` files, clean and consistent
       function/class definitions, minimal but good docs)
    1. Communicate, communicate, communicate
* Try to keep the `datasets.md` file (`data` dir) up to date.

## Plan of record

Our plan is gradually coming into focus. As of today we believe the future
holds:

* September: identify and answer key open questions, including:
    1. How do we define each of the 5 characteristics? (Could go ahead and
       draft that paper section.)
        * fallacious reasoning (BH)
        * toxicity (NF)
        * misinfo/disinfo (LR)
        * misrepresenting sources (SD)
        * bias/intent (GM)
    1. What is our general goal for how our bot should respond to each?
    1. What data sets (or already trained models) will we use for each **detector**?
    1. Same as above, for each **responder**? (And should we have a single
       responder or individual responders?)
    1. Same as above, for **HotBot**?
    1. Should the detectors operate on individual posts? Or most recent _k_
       posts? Or something else?
* October: build/train lots of stuff, including:
    1. FroBot: 5-way detector
    1. FroBot: 5-way (1-way?) responder
    1. HotBot
    1. Chat infrastructure
    1. Experimental design and implementation
    1. Other open questions?
* November: conduct human experiment with FroBot (and HotBots)
* December: analyze experiment results, hopefully write 1st paper

## BH's report on training data

Question: do we remove unacceptable speech before or after training?

Question: once we have a mix of sources that do (1) echo chamber-y
discussions, and (2) heated back-and-forths, (3) polite interaction, what
percentage of each do we include?

## GM's report on "landing zone"

* Detection-related stuff is pretty well-covered already
    * BH: what about combination of the 5? (GM: _detecting_ the combination is
      done, but maybe not responding to the presence of multiple)
    * LR: the misrepresentation-of-sources element might not be grab-able as
      easily as the others

* "Counter speech": ways to mitigate negative content
    * currently only explored for hate speech and misinformation, but not others in our 5
    * maybe not been implemented yet; lots of proposals and theory
