# Frozone Meeting 11/28/2025 (Zoom).

## Status

* NURVa went great! yay team.

* Everybody's on Gemini now, not ChatGPT.

* Feedback on LR's surveys:
    * How frequently do you respond to social media posts and content?
        (freq,, sometimes, never)
    * Which of the following are among your main sources of news and info
      (instead of "do you use social media as your main source.")
    * Did you trust (Pear/Blueberry/Strawberry)?
    * Pear did not truthfully represent the information from the sources they cited.

# Didn't get to...

## Fine-tuning process

* highlight reels

* latest changes to prompts

* Open questions:
    * Can we fine-tune a fine-tuned model, or does it start from scratch each
      time
    * Is there a problem using ChatGPT to help us create the sentences
    * Where do the five of us get our made-up text/response pairs?

* Doing the fine-tuning process:
    * will this cost money each time we fine-tune?
    * how often will we be fine-tune?

* Demo for Stephen's sanity: somebody share screen, show putting full Frobot
  response in prompt, identify some aspect of it we don't like, and few-shot
  fine-tuning to try and change it.


## Additional prompt items

1. Don't let it get it too distracted on superficial toxicity rather than the
   deep one.
1. Tell it how to respond if it gets found out.
1. Hey, bot, stay on topic. (don't get wrapped up in Trump 2020 or whatever)
1. Keep your response size small.
1. BH tried to say "make sure it's a central part of the argument before you
   jump in" and "make sure you know it's not a joke", but it didn't seem to
   honor that.

## Process

* Do we want a "SD is maintainer and others submit PR's" culture, or a
  "everybody has push permissions to the main branch" culture?


## Zotero "happy chaos"

Let's start doing some more organizing. (Reminder: items can and should
sometimes be in multiple collections.)

* Type of result
    * datasets (e.g., toxicity/Poudhar 2024)
    * models (e.g., toxicity/Caselli 2021)
    * user studies (e.g., toxicity/Hangartner 2021)
    * applications (e.g., tools/Argyle 2023)

* trim some things we've discovered are far afield?

* ...?

* Do we like a separate `datasets.md` file, or should this information just be
  in Zotero?

