# Frozone Meeting 11/9/2025 (Zoom).

## Logistics

## Where are we with IT approval for Gemini??

We believe that our word of mouth happy message from Andrew makes us okay
without needing a separate IT proposal. We will listen to Vivian if she finds
out anything different; otherwise, we will proceed and ask forgiveness later if
need be.

## Actually schedule the experiments

These will take place as follows:

* M Nov 24th 4-5pm (*LR*, GM, late assist from BH, double-late-assist from SD)
* M Dec 1st 4-5pm (LR, late assist from BH)
* T Dec 2nd 4-6pm (BH)
* W Dec 3rd 4-6pm (GM, assist from LR)
* R Dec 4th 8-9pm (*BH*, assist from SD)
* F Dec 5th 4-6pm (GM, assist from LR)

## Assess current action items

We're in good shape! Top priority this week is getting the chatroom software
integrated with calling the Vertex AI API, juggling the model IDs to make sure
we're properly accessing Hot/Cool/Fro, tracking the entire chat to resubmit
the prompt each time, performing simulated delays so that it seems reasonable
to a user, etc.

After that's done, we can work on lower urgency items like designing the
"choose which issue you want to talk about" page; assigning fruits randomly;
saving the chat logs to Mongo in a way that facilitates later analysis; making
the abort button work the way we want to, etc.


# Didn't get to...

## Process


## Zotero "happy chaos"

Let's start doing some more organizing. (Reminder: items can and should
sometimes be in multiple collections.)

* Type of result
    * datasets (e.g., toxicity/Poudhar 2024)
    * models (e.g., toxicity/Caselli 2021)
    * user studies (e.g., toxicity/Hangartner 2021)
    * applications (e.g., tools/Argyle 2023)

* trim some things we've discovered are far afield?

