# Frozone Meeting 10/21/2025 (in person).

## Scheduling

* Our timeline just got moved up for submitting IRB approval, since it needs to
  be approved before class announcements. Let's plan dates for all this.

* confidentiality vs. anonymity
    * confidential: we have record as to who is who, and we promise to be good
    * anonymous: we don't even track who is who.
    * **decision: we are going for confidentiality since that's just
      lower risk of IRB rejecting it.**
* consent/debriefing forms online vs. paper? (LR will choose.)


## Tasks between now and D-day

**These have all been put into github issues as of 10/21.**

_Assumption: our first live experiment D-Day is **Nov 17th**_

### Tasks with firm end-dates

- get GC VM working!!! (SD): week of Oct 20th
- ballpark experiment cost (GM): week of Oct 20th
- decide on API service (GM): week of Oct 20th
- find out chatroom software options (BH): week of Oct 20th
- reserve lab (SD): week of Oct 20th
- get database installed / schema configured: (BH) Nov 10th
- advertising for experiment: (LR) week of Nov 3rd
- IRB submission: (LR) Oct 20th
    - IRB approval: Nov 3rd
- fine-tuning model: 
    - decide on data set(s): week of Nov 3rd
    - actually fine-tuning: week of Nov 3rd
- experimental run-through: Nov 10th
- write experiment script: week of Nov 3rd
- write pre-survey / post-survey: week of Nov 3rd
    - time the surveys: week of Nov 3rd
- chat interface tested: Nov 10th
- "finalizing" the prompts: week of Oct 27th
- have power point and presentation for NURVa: week of Oct 27th

### Logistics
* decide what dates/times we're running
    * timeframe
    * how many dates? (initially 2?)
    * reserving lab at those times
* ballpark the experiment cost (GM)
* actually advertise the experiment
* buy snacks for experiment
* buy flowers for profs who volunteer their extra credit classes

### Architecture
* get the freaking GC working for everybody!!!
* decide where we're storing the chats?
* install a DB on the server, create schema, etc., ballpark storage needs
* finalize architecture:
    * which API service are we using? (OpenAI? Gemini?)
        * which models are available? and which do we want to use?
        * cost?
        * ability to export tensors?

### Chat software
* find out options (build our own? use some service? download some open code?)
* create the chat site, back end db, etc.
    * test the crap out of the chat site
* decide what we're recording from chats (probably all inputs)

### Fro/Cool/HotBot
* finalize the prompts
    * frobot
        * all its pieces
    * coolbot
    * hotbot
        * stir the pot? (and when to do so)
* latency needs to seem human? (how to do so)
* fine-tuning 
    * will we do this?
    * what datasets will we use?

### Experiment
* write experiment script
* write pre-survey / post-survey
    * time the surveys
* test-drive the experiment
* review and critique LR's extra credit script (part of IRB)
* write the informed consent
* write the debrief form
* how many hotbots, etc., frobots, etc.
* decide number of people per chat
* starter questions/threads

### NURVa presentation

* summarize literature on using LLMs as personas (GM)
* summarize literature on using LLMs to improve political convo (LR)
* write a concise thesis statement (GM)
* create architectural images (GM)
* make a power point (SD)
* make talking points (SD)
* prepare a demo of ChatGPT with your frobot prompt and hotbot (BH)
* prepare a "future directions" slide (BH)
* prepare a "this is what our experiment will do" slide (LR)


## Architecture question

We're eschewing **python-centric**. Do we want **API-centric** vs
**prompt-centric**? Decision: API-centric, at least for fall. (If latency
proves to be an issue, we'll consider reverting to prompt-centric for spring
ABM.)

